-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[child] Chico Bon Bon
and the Runaway Robot.
Okay, Mrs. Coleslaw, all done.
Oh, did you fix my refrigerator, Chico?
[chuckles] We didn't just fix it.
We engineered
a totally new and improved refrigerator.
Behold the Frosty Fridge 4000.
I designed it just for you.
Tiny, let's turn it on.
[whirring]
Now, I made it super simple.
Press this button once...
for ice.
Ah!
[Chico] Press twice...
for crushed ice.
Ah!
[Chico] And press three times...
for a tasty shaved-ice treat.
Prune flavored! [gasps]
My favorite! [laughs]
Oh, Chico,
everything is exactly the way I like it.
And I've programmed it
to tell super funny jokes!
Why did the cookie go to the doctor?
[laughs] Oh, I don't know. Why?
It was feeling crummy. Ha, ha, ha.
[all laughing]
We also noticed you like magnets.
[gasps] I do!
Now, magnets don't stick
to just any kind of metal.
Tiny?
That's why we made your fridge
out of iron,
a type of metal magnets always stick to.
[shouting] Pow pow meow!
Yay, magnets!
Oh, he is just
the most perfect thing ever.
I love my little Fridgey Boo-boo.
Thank you, Chico.
All in a day's work for...
the Fix-It Force!
Enjoy the new fridge.
[refrigerator]
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert?
I don't know. Why?
Because he was stuffed. Ha, ha, ha.
[laughs] Oh, my.
All that laughing has made me hungry
for another shaved ice. [laughs]
Mmm, now, what was it again?
Oh, press one, two,
three times for shaved ice.
[laughs]
And I'll take an extra large helping.
Super Ice Cube Mode activated.
Fridgey Boo-boo! [gasps] Are you okay?
[whirring]
Whoa!
[Coleslaw gasps]
Fridgey Boo-boo, oh, come back!
[Clark gasps]
[gasps]
[crowing]
Oh no, no, no.
Too scary, Clark. Don't watch!
Aw, don't worry, buddy. It's just a movie.
Yeah, giant robots
don't walk around in real life.
[heavy stomping]
Uh, Chico?
-[alarm blaring]
-[gasps] The banana phone.
[action music playing]
Chico Bon Bon! You got a problem?
We can solve ‘em!
Chico! Oh, I'm sorry to bother you,
but I'm calling about my new refrigerator.
Is it running okay?
Chico...
Oh, it's definitely running...
and stomping and smashing!
Oh, Chico, I think
it may have turned into a giant robot.
A giant robot? Are you sure?
The Frosty Fridge 4000
wasn't designed to turn into a--
Chico!
...giant robot.
Mrs. Coleslaw, we're on our way!
Fix-It Force, time to bring the awesome!
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
[action music playing]
Whoa!
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
Breaking news! Blunderburg's big chill.
I'm Neil Ostrich,
your beak on the very frigid street.
Things are getting chilly as it appears
a giant robotic refrigerator
is turning Blunderburg into an iceberg.
Things that are usually warm
are suddenly becoming quite cold,
and things that are usually cold
are becoming totally frozen.
And if that wasn't enough,
this robot also tells jokes.
What did one popsicle
say to the other popsicle?
-Uh, what?
-Ice to meet you.
-Ha, ha, ha.
-[laughs]
He really landed that joke.
And that ice cube!
What can't this robot do?
[gasps] Ah!
Ah!
Huh?
[screams] Humph.
[all] Whoa!
[wheels screeching]
I must have pressed that button
a few too many times.
Oh, I guess my Fridgey
had a bit of a growth spurt.
Nice work, Mrs. Coleslaw.
You found a mistake in the design
we didn't test for.
If I can get close enough,
I can turn off his power.
Launching Clark-copter now!
Come on, copter claws.
How do you get a squirrel to like you?
-Uh, how?
-Act like a nut! Ha, ha, ha.
[laughing]
Peanuts!
Whoa!
Phew!
I couldn't get close enough, Chico.
[chuckles] He's just too funny.
[wheels squeal]
Okay, Fix-it Force,
we gotta stop this robot.
Whip out the umbrella,
'cause it's time for a brainstorm.
Okay, what do we got people?
Glue cannon.
[whirring]
Not sticky enough.
Trippy rope.
Not trippy enough.
It looks like it's time for...
the jaws of steel.
[honks]
Would you--
What-- What happened to the jaws of steel?
We replaced them with a glitter horn,
remember?
[stomping]
My poor Fridgey Boo-boo.
Oh, this little magnet
is all I have left of him.
What do we do, Chico?
Okay, let's see. Okay, well we could--
[pants]
Maybe it's time for a banana break.
[Chico] Okay, we couldn't stick the robot.
[buzzes]
-We couldn't trip the robot.
-[buzzes]
-The glitter horn was no use.
And now poor Mrs. Coleslaw
won't have a place to put her magnets.
Magnets.
Magnets are attracted to iron.
The fridge is made of iron.
Blazing bananas that's it!
We can engineer a giant magnet
to stop Fridgey Boo-boo.
But, Chico, the only magnet
we have is this tiny one.
That's true, but if we get
enough small magnets,
we can combine them
to create a mega magnet
with enough magnetic force
to stop the Fridge Bot.
Exactly!
Time for Operation Mega Magnet.
We've got to get every magnet we can find.
Ready, set, go!
Clark, I said, "Go"!
Oh, right.
[action music playing]
Ah, I love the smell
of giant magnets in the morning.
It's nighttime, Chico.
[sniffs] And the only thing I smell is...
danger!
Look!
[all] Mrs. Coleslaw!
What do you get when you cross
a vampire and a snowman?
Fridgey! Oh, this is no time to joke.
Just, please, come home.
You get frostbite.
-Ha, ha, ha.
-[Mrs. Coleslaw laughing]
Oh, I just can't help it.
You're so funny, Fridgey.
We gotta stop them
before they go stomping over that cliff!
[engine revs]
We're in range. Fire the mega magnet now!
[honks]
The other button, Clark.
Oh!
[gasps]
[metal clanks]
[wheels screeching]
Yay, the magnet stuck! We got 'em.
[gasps]
Oh-ho, they're sticking all right.
[suspenseful music playing]
But now they've got us!
[Rainbow Thunder grunting]
-They're pulling us over!
-[all gasp]
Tiny, activate super tire treads!
Clark, engage full reverse thrusters!
Rainbow, initiate-- Rainbow?
-What are you doing?
-Don't worry. I got this.
Whoa.
Oh!
Bye-bye, Fridge Bot.
[grunts]
Oh, Fridgey,
you're finally safe and sound.
Better make a few adjustments
so we never see
that crazy Mr. Fridge Bot again.
[refrigerator]
What did baby-corn say to mama-corn?
Where is popcorn?
-Ha, ha, ha.
-[all laugh]
Oh, Chico. I just love
my new and improved Fridgey Boo-boo.
All in a day's work for...
[all] The Fix-It Force!